We're back with
Will Smith, and it's
time to play one of
my favorite games.
It's called Five Second Rule.
[CHEERING]
[MUSIC- CHER, "IF I COULD TURN
BACK TIME"]
(SINGING) If I could
turn back time.
If I could find a way.
All right, here's
what's going to happen.
tWitch is going to ask us each
to name three things, three
types of, like,
cars or something,
and we'll have five seconds
to name three things
and then hit that to see how
much time is left on the clock.
OK.
All right?
If you do it, you get a point.
If time runs out, you
get no points at all.
Five seconds goes
very, very fast.
OK.
I shall go first.
You shall go first.
OK.
Ellen, name three
things you do in a car.
You drive.
You park.
And you say hello to people.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
You do when you're waving.
Hold on.
Oh, no.
When you're driving, have you
ever lived in this small town?
You do.
You wave to people.
All right.
OK.
I see now we need some,
like, judges or something.
Do You drive.
You say hi.
You wink.
[LAUGHTER]
Will, name three things you
should never do in a car.
Never drink, smoke, make love.
That's not true.
[LAUGHTER]
But you shouldn't do it.
I mean, you should
do it at home.
Yeah.
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, all right.
I see it's hard.
It is hard.
Ellen, tell us three
words you use a lot.
Love, baby, and be kind.
[BUZZER]
[LAUGHTER]
Be kind.
I'm going to give you
that one because that's
the right answer.
That's the right answer.
Yes, that is right.
Thank you.
It's two words, though.
It's two words, yeah.
OK, Will, name your
three favorite songs
to sing in the shower.
In the shower-- the
Dreamgirls "I'm Telling You."
[BUZZER]
Whitney Houston's-- oh, darn.
Yeah, but it's like, [SINGING]
and I am telling you--
[CHEERING]
--I'm going.
You're the best man
I've ever known.
There's no way I could ever
go, no, no, no, no way.
No, no--
No way I'm living--
Yeah, that's my song.
That's my song.
[APPLAUSE]
[LAUGHTER]
Oh, god.
Ellen, tell us three
things you'd never
want to find in your house.
I would not want to find a
snake or an alligator or a bear.
[DING]
[LAUGHTER]
That sounds like something
your wax statue would say.
[LAUGHTER]
And then she would dance.
Oh.
All right, Will,
tell us three things
that can get you
thrown out of a bar.
Fighting, profanity,
and touching people.
[LAUGHTER]
The latter two
happen all the time.
I know.
That's why you go to a bar.
Ellen, name three things
your wife calls you.
Thingy, baby, love.
[DING]
[APPLAUSE]
Not necessarily in that order.
Will, name three things
your kids call you.
Daddy, silly, and goofy.
Zero second left.
I'm not silly or goofy, but
that's what they call me.
[LAUGHTER]
Ellen, named three celebrities
you had a crush on growing up.
Donny Osmond, Michael Jackson,
and Martina Navratilova.
[APPLAUSE]
[LAUGHTER]
I'm laughing [INAUDIBLE].
That's very good.
That's very exciting.
No, it's good because
we were all like, oh.
[LAUGHTER]
I finally came right out, yeah.
[LAUGHTER] OK
Will, name three celebrities
you had a crush on growing up.
Growing up-- Farrah Fawcett--
[BUZZER]
Oh, darn it.
It was Farrah Fawcett,
Michael Jackson.
[LAUGHTER]
It's funny I can't remember.
Farrah Fawcett's
the only-- like,
I think my whole
childhood was like covered
with Farrah Fawcett.
Farrah Fawcett, yeah.
Yeah.
I know, until you
really think about it--
Till you, really-- yeah.
I'm sure there's more, but--
There's probably more,
but Farrah Fawcett
was like the one.
[DINGING]
That was it.
We want everyone to play Five
Second Rule with their family
over the holidays.
So you're all going home with
the game, Five Second Rule.
[CHEERING]